README.md, before:

# Cerberek

The name of this Telegram antispam bot is inspired by Cerberus from Greek mythology. It can also be referred to as Cerbuś.

This repository contains a Telegram bot configured to monitor a specific group chat. The bot reads all messages, checks for keywords, deletes messages containing those keywords, and bans the user who sent them.

Messages from the chat admin are unfiltered.

## Features

- Reads messages from a specific group chat
- Deletes messages containing keywords from a list
- Bans users who send messages with keywords
- Unfiltered messages from chat admins
- Configurable via environment variables
- Deployed using Docker

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Telegram bot token
- Group chat ID

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yurnov/cerberek.git
    cd cerberek
    ```

2. Create a `.env` file with the following content:

    ```env
    TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your_telegram_bot_token
    GROUP_CHAT_ID=your_group_chat_id
    ```

3. Create a `keywords.yaml` file with the following content:

    ```yaml
    keywords:
      - spam
      - scam
      - phishing
      - malware
      - virus
      - hack
      - fraud
      - fake
      - illegal
      - offensive
    ```

4. Build the Docker image:

    ```sh
    docker build -t yurnov/cerberek .
    ```

5. Run the Docker container:

    ```sh
    docker run --env-file .env -v ./keywords.yaml:/app/keywords.yaml yurnov/cerberek
    ```

## Local Development

1. Install dependencies:

    ```sh
    pip install wheel --no-deps .
    pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt
    ```

2. Run the bot:

    ```sh
    python -m cerberek.main
    ```

## TODO

- Add configurable quarantine (e.g., set read-only mode for a configurable period)
- Improve bot configuration
- Move the keyword list from the YAML file to a more appropriate location
- Enhance CI/CD pipeline

## Contributing

Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests if you have any improvements or bug fixes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

feat: add configurable action
support kick and readonly for configurable period

README.md, after:

# Cerberek

The name of this Telegram antispam bot is inspired by Cerberus from Greek mythology. It can also be referred to as Cerbuś.

This repository contains a Telegram bot configured to monitor a specific group chat. The bot reads all messages, checks for keywords, deletes messages containing those keywords, and bans the users who sent them.

Messages from the chat admin are unfiltered.

## Features

- Reads messages from a specific group chat.
- Deletes messages containing keywords from a list.
- Bans users who send messages with keywords.
- Allows unfiltered messages from chat admins.
- Configurable via environment variables.
- Deployable using Docker.

## Prerequisites

- Docker
- Telegram bot token
- Group chat ID
- Bot must have admin privileges in the chat

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:

    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/yurnov/cerberek.git
    cd cerberek
    ```

2. Create a `.env` file with the following content:

    ```env
    TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your_telegram_bot_token
    GROUP_CHAT_ID=your_group_chat_id
    ```

   Optionally, you can configure the action (kick or read-only) and log level. Refer to the `.env.example` file for an example.

3. Create a `keywords.yaml` file with the following content:

    ```yaml
    keywords:
      - spam
      - scam
      - phishing
      - malware
      - virus
      - hack
      - fraud
      - fake
      - illegal
      - offensive
    ```

4. Build the Docker image:

    ```sh
    docker build -t yurnov/cerberek .
    ```

5. Run the Docker container:

    ```sh
    docker run --env-file .env -v ./keywords.yaml:/app/keywords.yaml yurnov/cerberek
    ```

## Local Development

1. Install dependencies:

    ```sh
    pip install wheel --no-deps .
    pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt
    ```

2. Run the bot:

    ```sh
    python -m cerberek.main
    ```

## TODO

- Add configurable quarantine (e.g., set read-only mode for a configurable period).
- Improve bot configuration.
- Move the keyword list from the YAML file to a more appropriate location.
- Enhance the CI/CD pipeline.

## Contributing

Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests if you have any improvements or bug fixes.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
